12 February 2024 - Fix - CloudGateway 2.13.5 - Stability degradation since CloudGateway 2.13.4 [ID_38730] (#2686)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

The dataminer.services platform gets updated continuously. This change log can help you trace when specific features and changes have become available.

#### 12 February 2024 - Fix - CloudGateway 2.13.5 - Stability degradation since CloudGateway 2.13.4 [ID_38730]

> Since CloudGateway 2.13.4, the CloudGateway service could silently crash but would be able to recover automatically. This issue has been resolved.

Reviewer: We usually avoid the term "crash" (see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/crash).
```suggestion
Since CloudGateway 2.13.4, a problem could occur in the CloudGateway service that temporarily made it stop responding. The service was able to recover from this problem automatically. This issue has been resolved.
```
